---
layout: page
permalink: /testimonials/
---

# Testimonials

*Jenn says...*

> Teri-Lynn was an informative and fun personal trainer. Not only did she show 
me how to do the exercises, she motivated me and helped me understand why I was 
doing each exercise. I learned a ton from Teri-Lynn and anyone who trains with 
her will agree she knows her stuff!


*Maureen says...*

> I started training with Teri-Lynn in November 2010 when I was 17 years old 
with my main goals of losing weight and learning the proper way to work out. It 
was difficult and intimidating at first but Teri-Lynn helped me to slowly learn 
how to use my body and live a healthy life style. She is someone that you 
instantly can't help but love, her kindness and friendly manner doesn't stop 
her from pushing you to be the best person you can be. It is now a year and a 
few months later and I now consider Teri-Lynn a dear friend of mine and I 
continue to train with her. I've lost 48 pounds, almost 15% of my body fat and 
I've become faster and stronger then I ever imagined. She pushes me in every 
workout and makes me push myself as well. I couldn't imagine a better woman and 
trainer. She is an all around amazing person who has so much to offer. I would 
recommend her to absolutely anyone. I've watched her work with people younger 
and older then her and she's great with both. I wouldn't be anywhere close to 
where I am now without everything she's done for me and I know that we will 
have a lifetime of friendship.


*Sue says...*

> I have been very happy to have Teri-Lynn as my personal trainer. I do not 
always look forward to going to the gym, but after my workout with her I do 
feel good and am glad I came. She pushes me to my limit, but always makes the 
workouts fun and switches things around so you are never bored. You really 
don't know what she's going to throw your way. I have trouble with my knee and 
my Dr. thought I might need surgery, but since working out with Teri-Lynn my 
knee has improved and I do not have need of surgery. Thanks Teri-Lynn!


*Joan says...*

> I've trained with Teri-Lynn on a few occasions. I found her to be 
professional in every way. She is motivating and encouraging yet always pushes 
you to perform at your optimal level for best results. She is friendly and 
approachable and I can't wait until my next opportunity to work with her.


*Behnaz says...*

> I really enjoyed training with Teri-Lynn, because she was very motivating and 
she challenged me to push myself to the next level. She even did the workouts 
with me on a number of occasions. With Teri-Lynn's help, I became very strong, 
built muscle, lost 11 pounds (from 140 lb to 129 lb) and dropped 2 dress sizes 
within 6 months! Thanks Teri-Lynn for all your help and support!


*Barb says...*

> I had an amazing experience with Teri-Lynn, and would highly recommend her as 
a trainer. Her best attribute was her ability to listen to my needs, and then 
cater her instructions and routine so that I would not just push a bit harder 
but would be comfortable with the exercises. She has a huge inventory of ways 
to accomplish to accomplish something, and doesn't believe that pain is the 
answer. She is also an extremely nice, genuine and sincere individual - it was 
actually fun going to Personal Training with her.


*Maureen says...*

> I have trained with Teri-Lynn with another small group of women for about 
2 years now. Teri-Lynn is always making the workouts challenging yet fun and I 
know that after my workout regardless how hard it can be at times I will feel 
better and be glad that I did it. The other girls in the class are wonderful 
and we are now friends as well as workout partners thanks to Teri-Lynn. Even 
when I am not training with Teri-Lynn now she is always there with some advice 
or motivation if needed. Thank you Teri-Lynn.


*Barbara says...*

> I took a group session for a year with Teri-Lynn. The group consisted of 5 
women whose ages ranged from early 40's to late sixties. It was wonderful how 
she had the ability to tailor a program that was beneficial to each of us. She 
has a great sense of humour, communication skills, and patience making us all 
feel very comfortable. She was able to explain in detail the benefits of the 
various exercises to specific parts of the body. She certainly pushed me to a 
level of fitness that I would not have been able to achieve otherwise.


*Barbara says...*

> I participated in two programs that Teri-Lynn ran - Learn to Run and Circuit 
Training. As a trainer, Teri-Lynn is very knowledgeable and passionate about 
fitness. When she was training me, she was very supportive and gave the right 
amount of encouragement so I would not give up. I enjoyed the time I spent with 
Teri-Lynn and have continued using the techniques/exercises she had taught me.
